I'm doing a live podcast in New York
City hey guys what's up my name is Sarah
DT rhymes with peachy if you're new
around here so many things have happened
recently whoa wait release the p20 Pro
with three different cameras on it GoPro
has a new entry-level GoPro from only
$1.99 and Best Buy I accidentally put it
on the shelves
the new iPad that was released for only
329 is now compatible with the Apple
pencil and moment just released a lot of
new gear my favorite the anamorphic lens
so we're gonna get into that and the
iPad cuz guys I bought an iPad for the
first time in like three years my
friends over at moment make awesome
mobile device accessories with the
lenses being their main product they
make wide lens a fisheye a telephoto
fisheye is my favorite but they just
released a new iPhone 10 battery case
and they anamorphic lens
sweet green has never been so insane all
right Sarah bring out the good there's
some there's some little goodies in here
that we share
you've seen it a million times already
it's animal sorry so we got the flare
action going on there game strong
hashtag clear hunting so explain why
anamorphic does what it does
it's a melee a wider image but it'll
appear a little closer in the middle
it's kind of like your eye like things
are closer here because I'll have a gift
referral not quite that extreme is still
nice because of the horizontal optics
inside it's gonna flare light really
well like you see in Hollywood like
stranger things or other awesome movies
and stuff yeah I just look super good
it's kind of like the standard so we
made one and now you have one no that
was good I really want to get in Sarah's
vlog for a second yeah okay thanks for
checking this out
[Music]
I've been using moment lenses for a
while the anamorphic was super fun to
play with all of those flares
I love flares it's definitely going into
my arsenal the Kickstarter link is in
the description below no one's paying me
to say this I'm just a big fan of this
stuff so check it out
[Music]
and I do I'm just going crazy right now
dude this thing's sickly that thing the
things so obnoxious I love it though the
last time that I used an iPad was
actually three years ago when I was an
electrical engineering major in college
and I use like a dinky stylus to write
on the iPad but the time has come I
actually got the new iPad the day after
the keynote at the Chicago School I was
actually invited to a showroom to check
out the new iPad and also the people who
are developing these epic apps to go
along with it to experiences stuck out
to me so I met Elizabeth Reed who is the
CEO of Boulevard AR what I'm doing now
and this is a our kit 1.5 right which
allows you to actually recognize the
vertical plane if what I'm doing now is
I'm just scanning letting the device
kind of figure out where we are there we
go and now it's found an angle is it and
I'm gonna press in this square
so we have an 8k image here and as you
can see incredible detail so you see the
color and the lace there you can see the
crack in the paint over his eyebrow
another fun thing to look at is you know
the brooch here these are all details
that needless to say you would never
have the opportunity to get close enough
to to see you can see characters faces
you can see the mourners you know it's a
it's an amazingly elaborate painting
that when people go into the galleries
they're fascinated but they just can't
seem to take it all in so we thought
let's use this let's use it as the basis
for exploring history as much as the art
itself the second thing was the swift
playground robot combo so sweat
playground allows kids to use real Swift
code and kind of apply it to fun things
an example a robot is doing so you
actually have the option to choose
different songs linked up with the BPM
of the song and make this robot dance
here and we know it's 132 beats per
minute and yes so one of our marketing
not coding people he got really obsessed
with this when I say
she was gonna make this robot dance
exactly as it should for this particular
song like think it teach you how to put
it together cuz I kind of gets me
jealous I want to go back to school and
be a kid and play around with an iPad
just kidding I don't but it's cool and
this iPad is discounted like twenty
dollars it's $2.99 for schools I was
honestly expecting a bigger discount but
cool I'm not a designer or illustrator
but the Apple pencil just got me
intrigued I was like I want to try this
so it's not gonna be revolutionary to me
who knows maybe well I'll update you in
the future maybe I'll do like an iPad
review or something but whoo kid do
people care about that do you care about
that do you want an iPad review I feel
like I've had zero in this awkward
middle ground between my phone and my
MacBook and I just don't know what I'm
gonna do with it
anyways thank you guys so much for
tuning in to this video anything I
talked about today links are in the
description below make sure to stay
around hit that subscribe button let me
know if you like this video because I
make new videos every single week I also
have a podcast and speaking of a podcast
I'm doing a live podcast in New York
City
April 7th John is having a pop-up shop
Brett is having a pop-up shop Eric I
think is doing a meet-and-greet and then
I'm doing a live podcast the time is in
the description below you can RSVP via
the Eventbrite just so we can know who
is coming out come say hi to me come
hang out and we're gonna be interviewing
all the awesome New York people so you
could be a part of it so until next time
guys stay peachy okay
[Music]